what's up impacting this hey guys here
we are we're taking over Tom's channel
today and as you can see there's no time
no time did you know
Ian Lee sir in Bora Bora for for for
their anniversary there probably how
many baskets of fries is tom syrup I
just I
don't know the only the only splurges on
the case so he says he doesn't square
too much on the occasions now true so
alright we might only be one basket
yeah well we hope they're out there
enjoying their vacation we want to take
this time to connect with you guys out
there in TV land and show you a little
bit about the team and who we are and
give you a chance to ask us questions
plus we have some questions from Tom and
Lisa we're going to we're going to
answer as well so we can get into this
but first let's introduce our lovely
panel here starting with starting with
me hi guys Cindy here um so as most of
you know I'm kind of the community
liaison at impact theory my official
title is marketing associate
catch-all for all things yeah that's a
lot a lot more than just community she
does yeah I also do event I do
yeah that's right cool I'm Casey Elliot
hello I'm Casey I'm associate producer
for impact theory of the show that's
just a lot of coordinating show
coordinating and then also clearance
supervisor I deal with a lot of legal
legal things that come up is not anymore
and more
basically without Casey getting all
those legal things dotted we would not
have a show yes
plus business card design ecommerce
merchandise like the list goes on I like
to call it Department of Casey so yeah
that's what is so true alright what's up
everyone I'm chase I am the marketing
intern as my official title I am also
data analysts as well as de facto
Photoshop guide and homicide and
slacker guy which kind of makes sense
only if you're in the room boy slacker
yeah you know he's the person who helps
me with the questions and stuff like by
slapping them to me but slacker guy he
comes out
he works really hard guys we promise
slack the app that we use as a team
communication tool which you don't know
about you're working on a team highly
recommend and suggest y'all like slack
oh whatever
we don't even get paid by them per
second maybe now we will
so if you're out there watching on pages
goes live give us a whatsapp make all
these wonderful people feel warm and
welcome and starting asking questions
all the things you want to know about
impact theory behind the scenes but
we're too afraid to ask
I think mobile time I think we'll do to
start off is actually share some
questions that Tom and Lisa pre-recorded
okay yeah okay yeah we got uh we got
here I
muted it on accident we're on yeah where
are you right into Rob everything and
roll that back
the volume on let's try the
what is up Dean how we doing hopefully
you guys are having a great time and are
absolutely murdering this you nation
that you will be and we have some
questions as we want to ask you guys so
should be fun do you want to kick off my
first question do you consider yourself
optimistic or pessimistic as a default
setting a
good one that is no one anyone wants to
take a swing or else I can go yeah
you're ready alright I'll go you seem
ready other
I was am cautiously optimistic
is what I do consider myself an optimist
at heart but I am also a skeptic in the
sense that I employ skepticism to try to
get to a place of belief in the Ganga
it's not because I don't believe it's
possible it's because I want to actually
know how it's going to work and so I'll
ask a lot of questions and be skeptical
to try to get to that place of belief
but I do I believe I'm an optimist and a
reformed idealist Oh
reform they deal is I just consider
myself an optimist I don't really have
any caveats that go with it
like I don't know I guess like I always
believe that things are possible and I
always kind of
sprinkle sunshine everywhere so yeah I
just feel like that's
always been an optimist yes born that
way yeah maybe an idealist occasionally
sometimes but I see it I see it I also
think I'm an optimist but I feel what
you said like rain really true for me
good eye yeah we're about like let's
look into everything hear my voice we
gotta lotta cheese but I naturally think
I'm positive and optimistic about things
yeah
okay I'm default setting I'm a pessimist
so
yeah you know that so I guess it all
depends on like your perspective on how
you're looking at certain situations so
if like my tire goes flat on a four or
five through edge just reaffirming that
uh everything kind of sucks so
not literally but I and then there's
times where something good happens I'm
like okay maybe everything doesn't suck
so bad but that's what I'm trying to
learn to change so I want to be an
optimist and I just realize that it's a
perspective change more than anything so
I can look at the optimistic side of
things and say look this is how it
always is and the bad thing kind of
happened sporadically or I look at it as
bad things always happen and the good
things happen sporadically so just
depends your perspective on it which I'm
really trying to change the Thanks and I
like that let's see if we don't have any
questions yet so Facebook live feel free
to you
questions or shoutouts you want to see
who's in the feed right now looks like I
see Joshua Martel Jonna thanks for
giving me the tip on the mic you guys
hear me now and tell us if you can't
hear us throughout the whole new setup
for us
we got Jeff Caprio in the house that's
your dad
for most like parents just like tuning
in to stuff like I can't even I can't
get my dad to my block when I need
like his dad and mom like was your on
here one time this is probably I mean I
haven't got my sister on yet so yeah
so welcome mr. Caprio and thank you for
lending us your very talented and
wonderful son great asset to my team
okay let's go to another question from
Thomas
give us a slice and now time for my
question what is one the best
experiences you've had Harry in that
area and one of the West's experiences
you had in
[Music]
the best and worst experiences event all
right well you guys are thinking of
something else kick us off I think my
best and worst experience was the same
experience and that was launch day
launch night into oh that's awesome
yeah
yes PTSD
on launch day if you've ever launched a
company or rebranded a company you know
that the night before is just there's so
much to do there's so many things little
details to go over and then you also
have to coordinate everything perfectly
and
stuff always goes wrong that's just the
number one rule those things will break
things won't happen on time and no
matter how much you plan and work in
advance which we did a lot as a team
months in then there were things that
didn't go right so it was exciting it's
super exciting on launch day they're
like be working really hard everyone's
really pumped about like the unveil and
and actually you know sharing our
message with people but it's also very
stressful so it was a good and bad
experience and I think our launch went
really well a lot of things but really
well but some things broke like what was
it the website didn't go up on time and
when it did go up and we had all these
errors and bugs that we had to do fix
and people are starting to you know go
to our website check out our content
interact with us and things aren't quite
perfect you know it's like when you're
trying to throw a party and you're still
like trying to cook the food and clean
up in the bathroom while people are
showing up and you're just not quite
ready so it's a little tough but it was
I love I love those my second major
launch at a company and you'll never
forget those
experience so you're gonna say the logo
was like yeah yeah I was thinking you're
going to go straight logo that's because
well it was pretty bad nothing run about
three and whatever I think one of my
other ones is definitely like I think
also most fun was like naming they're
also worse because like we just kept
going back and forth about names and
then there's a day where we all look
like we were just batshit I were just
like roaming around the house if you saw
people dancing in the kitchen people
like on the patio like like you're
it outside of the notebook staring at
the waterfall like just because we were
all trying to like come up with like
always like the perfect name and that
was stressful but now that I'm thinking
about it launch was pretty pretty great
and that all stays on like I was up and
so I think
- and yeah and then select for like a
like a hot second and then I woke up
again because like I didn't trust with
the podcast the podcast it officially
like baby push through and it turned out
it hadn't been so I was just sitting
there like a crazy person just like up
at 4:00 a.m. trying to get it done and
then like our call time and the more
like five feels like this is good
but like it's it's stuff like that it's
really cool to see because we all came
together as a team and that was just
like a really exciting time for us
because for three months like the seven
of us which is like all working in like
hush-hush like don't tell anybody the
name so tell anybody this like we can't
share this yet and then just being able
to be super loud about it and excited
and show you guys what we've been like
doing and it wasn't all in vain that we
disappeared off the mat yeah who's
really cool it's rewarding yeah sure
thank you so I had no idea at first but
then your your what you said inspired me
buying all the lights for this double
yeah both the best and the worst the
worst first but guys I really felt like
I had no idea what I was doing and so it
was a steep learning curve yeah but then
when I was able to actually do it I was
really proud of myself and right look at
this like the all the lighting and then
let's also talk about the electrical
that goes into the lighting and then you
learned all that to learn yeah like I
already know me must learn and not
because like we don't like to be
dangerous we don't like blow up every
time we like turn something on is proof
that you like things you think that you
can I do you know the skills to do you
actually can do you just have to do it
which I had to do it we had to have like
for a set and now I know things that I
didn't know before about physical parts
of the said so so that was both very
stressful but ultimately rewarding right
for a long time I wouldn't turn on the
light unless asked easy like that is it
scary yeah lighting panel over there is
frightening
definitely I think from a new blood
experience I wasn't here for the launch
so let's see one of the better
experience I think I've had here was
well when I think we got off work around
like 6:00 p.m. and it was like me Elsie
Ibrahim and we were just at the table
with Tom talking and we didn't leave to
like
p.m. that and I just asking Tom like any
question we had and it's kind of hard
for I felt back as Tom always says will
answer any question but it's kind of
hard to do that way he's in his own
that was one more memorable experience
out of order yes yeah exactly case them
and last Friday we on our team party yes
that was also really good one we're all
just sitting around like the hot tub
just talking so we had a little hot tub
theory which was like really cool I'm
gonna have you shouting deep thoughts
with impact yeah there's times when
we're all divided around and we'll go
deep into subjects and it's we're just
kind of spitballing
yeah so those are some of the better
experiences ones that aren't necessarily
plan but kind of just grow organically
and I can't see happening like that
experiences here so I can thank you guys
for facilitating with that there's
nothing that has been like this has been
terrible I need to leave it's all been
like you know grind and push through it
so thank Goggins for that one Wow
nothing we'll also thank the community
and the Green Zone me yeah I just want
to give a quick shout out to the impact
Theory League so I know I'm not always
posting in there but I do go in and read
the posts in the context I learned a
little bit as you know I'm not heavy
into social media
ironic being
you guys are super inspiring to me so I
read those comments I read those posts
and I see what people are doing and
taking some of the ideas they've learned
from our guests or from Tom on the show
and then executing on them or deciding
they're going to go out on a new venture
or change something about their lives
and then going and doing it again so
inspiring there's someone the other day
that was wearing the this shirt that
Chase is wearing the TTS BBC and they
had climbed a big mountain in Santa
Barbara had gone on a big hike and they
said that they pushed through it and
they weren't enjoying it but they pushed
through for Goggins and then at the very
top they were like okay and then it felt
good about it and it's kind of changed
the way they were thinking and just
super inspiring love them so keep it up
guys a shout out guys thank ya alright
we have some
we have a lot of questions coming in
okay
black-on-black
here's a question from Shana she says I
hope I'm pronouncing that right what is
your what is your morning look like
my morning
anybody
what does my morning was like so right
now I don't really have a morning
routine I pretty much like wake up and
then start getting ready and come here
that's it yeah I'll either listen to a
podcast or an audiobook on the way
you're eating mostly I think that's more
what is your weekend look like
interesting that Cindy he has a very
social so my weekend may vary they all
depend on like what's going on so for me
a lot of times into my week I try to
bake in something that's like culture
centered so like an art museum or just
like checking out a new neighborhood
walking around that sort of thing and
then because summertime there are a lot
of Day parties I'll just like go to
those like me people I'll go to like
happy hours or like like these kind of
like happy hour learning kind of hybrid
thing like general assembly or with ivy
yeah kind of very nice yeah he's always
doing stuff you know what else I wanna
share morning routine I don't think I
have a consistent enough routine at this
point I would like one
yes I was like what's your ideal morning
was like like ideally I would go to yoga
at 7 a.m. which I do sometimes yeah I
believe that when you do it you feel
yeah yeah the rest of the day that I nor
that are more productive actually so
okay maybe now that I said that I'm
gonna have to do go do yoga
Jace what is your morning play my
morning is pretty simple it's wake up
sit on the 4 or 5 for like an hour have
them get here
why I feel morning that's why I lasted
Casey said you want to go yoga at 7:00
am is like my ideal morning routine was
like wake up at 4:30 to go to the gym
shower the gym come to work and I did
that for like a we can always just yeah
you were like sleep on the couch yeah
like what's wrong with Jays Paisley are
you just pounding monsters yeah
but yeah that was concerning you think
we're drinking too many
square like my kid news
my morning routing varies just depending
on what's going on in my life but ideal
morning is go out and get up early surf
when it's dawn at there are waves and
then drive into work also a long commute
so try to listen to podcasts audiobooks
on the way in if I don't do that I'm
usually in the gym in the morning and
then ideally at the gym meditate right
and then go into work so I'm gonna try
to do what kind of trying to live the
life China change cool alright let's do
another question from Facebook live
what is a day in the life like at the
impact Theory office this is from Kelly
Foss hey Kelly I think everyone's day is
gonna be different
I'll start so Dan the life for me is
come in three days a week we have
facebook lives so those are usually you
know just aware that that's going on
making sure that things are set up
thinking about planning for the day what
are the most important things that we
need to get done on the marketing front
working with Cindy on social and
community checking with her we usually
try to do two times a week like a
check-in on the marketing team so Cindy
and all of our marketing interns chase
LC will Molly which is here
yeah I'm just planning for the day and
then I don't think there's any day that
looks the same
because some day we have shoot days and
some days it's just whatever big project
we're trying to work on whatever thing
we're trying to push forward it's
focusing on that and then also making
sure that all the regular content goes
out of schedule that has copy that has
access that's a huge organization
designers remotely doing all that kind
of stuff yeah yeah I guess I'll go since
I started talking yeah oh yeah so like
my my days also very I
definitely every morning before I come
in I like kind of do a read of social so
like I'll check Tom's accounts impact
series accounts impact Theory League
whether I post in it or not I'll like
check and see kind of what people are
talking about lately I've been taking a
little bit of a backseat on them
bacteria needs like a little
strategically to see what people are
talking about to start like strategizing
ways that we can like deepen engagement
with the things that you guys are
interested in so that's kind of
something else that I'm working on today
today I'll be making calls to different
venues trying to like book our next
impact our and make sure that they will
allow us with all the math people to
come in with you if you're in the LA
area you should come to you come to in
fact our yes either it will be July 19th
location to be determined heading on on
my call vote today
yeah so every day is kind of different
and as you guys most of you know I use
like Google keep to kind of like
visually sort dramatics so I have
currently at AB this is like important
impact very things like need to get done
today and that's like in red and then in
all caps and so those are the kind of
things that are focusing on food today I
don't even know you use Google keep I
don't even know a Google keep is it's
like the best way that's right yeah it's
like a little poke it's literally like
visual post-it notes and I'm like I've
got the quality notes so they've just
created some mainly like just brings me
a lot of joy because I don't have to
like redo the post-it notes because I
use it to be the person who is like I
posted Norfolk laughs everywhere or like
when I would actually use my planner
regularly I would have post-it notes
laid on top of the like agenda instead
of like actually using it it's yeah it's
like a whole thing like checkboxes and
lists and like all that so I mean who
will keep I do that and so now I really
just like color-coded for what they are
like so everything in yellow is again
like things that are more so like on the
personal like just for the love of me
kind of things so those are the
different restaurants I want to check
out the different museums like next week
I'm going to the California
african-american Museum because they
have a new exhibit opening and they
usually do like an after-hours party so
like I go to it and yeah so it's like
things like back are all on there and
then like in fact they restock has been
like grey and then
super urgent important is in red
yeah
I'm super interesting and also very
varied because I feel like a voice of
two minds there's like though we have
shows coming up stuff and when I had I
used to be
dedicate always would have a written
note book that was my planner mm-hmm
until Jared influenced me or using the
gamma I'm still using a sauna on wanna
converted another birth into a sauna
well I got it only for work cast oh yeah
I'll have my personal planner yeah right
I think they're by it's always there
what I used to do is put a list split
the page in half and everything on the
left will show related tasks somehow I
have to like compartmentalize it so we
show stuff and then there's like
everything else that I'm working on the
district America Department screaming
down like you're two people yes it feels
like two totally different to part with
I guess is it medical yeah um but hello
my day
definitely depends on like if we have it
sheets coming up how many we have
because those are the tests I like to
get done first you're just just no
longer like coordinating with
guests and their teams and doing gift
basket stuff and you know just various
things relate to the show
and then
what else you know then then the other
projects are often more long-term
yeah things that I'm going to take me
several weeks to work on versus like
things I can cross off my list
oh and then I wanted to bring up this is
not every day to impact theory but one
thing I love that we do is our team
lunch oh yeah one of the week team and I
know you guys have talked about that
before not not really but in my a
dedicated lunch with the whole team
where we take like two hours times and
like yeah it's a sacred yeah yeah in our
company it's a part of the culture team
lunch is sacred mm-hmm and yeah we just
talked about that's where some of the
deep thoughts come into play we get on
some nice tangents IRG mob and it's
storytelling by Christopher McDonald
that's right it doesn't like not awesome
at movies that Cindy's never seen it
wasn't true um what else like he's his
main fault you miss it he names like all
the Bond movies in order like made a
copy learned that and we learned one of
them is remake of what an old one and so
it doesn't even count because like chase
out the wrong list it was like it wasn't
a whole thing and we know that I did
that crazy doctor finesse used to be in
the James Bond fan club we get sent yes
yeah that is so dr. Pinette alright so
like I has so many facets to him
Tom and Lisa are in the feed
from Gd they're they're just trying to
watch but the internet hello practicing
is great you yahzee yeah
we hope you guys are enjoying your
vacation already your anniversary happy
Anniversary happy Anniversary
anniversary we'll we'll try to to try to
keep holding it down over here change
what is your day look like my day let's
see first off data analytics is what I
focus on in the beginning so I go to
Google Analytics check the website
YouTube Facebook Instagram check all the
analytics there see if any things like
spiking declining and after that I go
through my tasks in a sauna have a long
list of stuff that I wanted to and as
well as on other songs I only sometimes
use Isetta alright I just want to say
that for the record I never used to use
a sauna either I've been a and B testing
like my strategies and I realized that
like I saw on has been like the best
match yeah like it's not as nice with
like deadlines and things definitely I
toggle back and forth I'm like yeah so
after I took the analytic side of stuff
I usually get a couple stuff done on top
from Jared like we'll do a guy can
percent growth for the next six months
kind of thing so either like five or six
things a day yeah
and then sometimes I get thrown on some
Photoshop grinder helping set a
production or helping set up through
trades with the guys yeah
Chase is the master food treatment
master plan contra is he like beautiful
right you like to I like to cook yeah I
used to work in a production kitchen
which is a 50 Shepard they're good in
school yeah there it is that make sense
because it's like he always has like
very nice arrangement in like it's
beautiful he does data analytics design
features and was a pastry chef ladies
single
in fact very connected
a couple quick shout-out Johan from
Paris what's up Johan we have Hanna from
the UAE what's up Anna and Madeline from
Toronto
hey thanks for joining us hope you're
enjoying this presentation of team
Facebook QA impact team we're about at
the halfway mark so I want to invite
some other people have on the set and
thank Casey and shapes for joining us
everyone is injured all right cool just
one having you on I'm kind of missing
pre said just come up on next ah we have
a couple more fun coming
I'm joined with that man deciding well
coming will give me a minute
so yeah we have a lot of people in the
feed lot of love from the fans thank you
guys I really appreciate it no shame
plug jessica says she wants to go to a
hot tub theory
come on yeah come on in shop impact
Theory oh yeah available in store or did
the Refresh we'll have a men's cute pins
we have women chard lovely dude modeling
oh yeah I also had a photo shoot guys
and do merch is Michael Martin come on
in cue other members of the impact
Theory team and this isn't everyone of
course but we're going to people at a
time so introduce yourself um it's so
much better back over there on the couch
my name is Will and I'm a marketing
intern here what is a discount yeah
I do I wear a bunch of hats over here I
do
influential marketing I also have manage
the community on Instagram on the impact
Theory page so all those comments are
for me hello yeah and I also work on the
store making sure everything runs
smoothly and too many customer support
and
did a lot yeah yeah that's good well
will was our first intern like ogee yeah
yeah
which I feel like we should tell the
story how we'll started back inside West
I'll tell it because I feel like he's
only going to run through it quickly
yeah can you tell baguette inside quest
will would come to our tapings in the
studio and he would also just kind of
hang out after the tapings and I mean
hang out like you wouldn't know that
he's there but then you turn around and
he'd just be kind of around oh
hey hey well how's it going and he was
really sweet and really nice and
supportive and was just I wanted to be
around what we were doing and so
eventually we just handed him a broom
and we're like all right well if you're
going to be here actually chair that
yeah
we're going to be here we're going to
put you to work we were doing a Facebook
live when we were scrambling we needed
help and it was like hey can you go get
some chairs too so that people can sit
in the audience and he started doing
that and then he started helping out a
few other things and you know I got more
and more and pretty soon it was like do
you actually want to work here in turn
and he said yes and so we kind of
formalized it and at first you started
out kind of on the production side but I
stole you away very quickly on the
marketing side
as we knew and you've been a big help to
us ever since oh thank you awesome it's
awesome to be here
[Music]
hi everyone I'm Amanda I'm the assistant
here impact Theory
day-to-day I'm just doing anything to
help anybody
my main priority is managing Tom's
calendar and getting things booked for
him which is not it's not easy okay so
not easy and we thank you so much for
coming on board to me that because
calendar when he was managing it for the
nightmare and he'll okay yeah it was not
a thing
I'm just here to do anything to help on
you know show days any last-minute
things to get done anything any of the
team or departments need I'm always
yeah just willing to help and I'm just
kind of here to be that hand for for
everything yeah and Amanda does so much
outside of her job description as well
and let's just say you planned an
amazing party yeah next game amazing
party is last week for the team it was
so thoughtful and so creative and it was
outstanding we had a great time watching
all of you have a good time so I hope
you also had fun too I did
good all something out with their
looking monster where you guys never
cool yeah look he loves the pool
we're getting it request to turn up the
mics I don't think we can turn them up
any louder so just talk louder we can
talk louder and we going to have a Breen
turn it up a little bit okay no yeah
yeah but I think it's probably for you
panelists all right we'll be louder
we're sorry so let's do a question from
Tom and Lisa okay
next up what is your appreciation for
English according to the death event
Edward there are five quality time words
of affirmation only difficult touch
active service and gifts this is yours
okay
yeah I dunno why so my first encounter
with it was as like love languages me
too oh yeah um I've never put it in a
business context yeah me neither I don't
know what is right but for my love
language I guess appreciation language
it would be quality time ranked at the
top in like an obscene number and then
words of affirmation
acts of service gift and then physical
touch it's like all the way about the
ring okay yeah it's good to know yeah no
those are silver mine my talk to you
quality time and words about relations
got it well what are yours we made sure
I understand it correctly so affirmation
efficient language is how you want to be
like acknowledge or we should probably
run through and I'm not an expert but I
think we can give some definitions words
of affirmation is
telling someone else that they're doing
a good job telling someone else hey you
did a really good job on that or hey you
look really nice today it's sort of
providing compliments for someone and
telling them when I think II I really
appreciate that apreciation yeah yeah I
think explains that way then that's give
me my number one because whenever I got
yet I'm appreciating get a formation is
that what it's called yeah yeah I never
get affirmation that I'm doing something
well even it's just being organized or
doing well on the store lunch it really
fires me up to like do even better yeah
yeah it's my number one all right that's
good to know Amanda what about you I
think
gifts are definitely last okay I think
quality time and affirmation are kind of
at a tie I
think you know just being in presence
and like having that quality time with
people really like I don't know warms my
heart kind of and just
affirmation as well like feels good but
I think like being having that quality
time honor that's right member number
one nice so if you're just joining us I
want to remind everyone we're on
Facebook live we're taking over Tom's
page because he and Lisa are in Tahiti
celebrating their anniversary and taking
a well-deserved break
we are here taking over and we're
sharing with you a little bit about the
team giving you a behind-the-scenes look
so ask questions that you have for
anyone here on the impact Theory team
and I will talk about my appreciation
language I don't know what it is in a
business setting I was just talking
about this with Tom the other day the
clothes yeah no no so I should do that
yeah I think everyone to do that because
I'm doing it from the quiz that I took a
while yeah yeah so what I think it is
acts of kindness or charity so I'm
thinking about my relationship with my
wife what I get most excited about and
what when I feel loved is when she does
little things for me and she's like
little thoughtful things like oh you
know cooks a nice dinner or something
that I like or oh I got you this beer
that's really special that I know you
really like to drink and it's just here
for you and you come home at the end of
the week like those those things mean a
lot to me so acts of kindness I don't
know how that translates to a business
setting so it looks like um
how would it I mean I think it would
kind of Center on the same thing like if
someone saw it like say you're really
carrying a whole bunch of boxes or
something when I grab one yeah I think
yeah you could work yeah or if I have a
bunch of deadlines yeah I'm like hey I'm
just going to take care of this for you
I'll take it off you're right it's like
what do you need help with yeah I'm I'm
just like doing yeah all right but I
should probably take the quiz yeah
everybody do this we're all going to do
and we're talking about Vanessa van
Edwards book captivated yeah look like
an impact Theory official book well no
one's an optimized read right as a team
and then we're going to go through the
exercises and figure out each other's
whiny tricks yeah that's gonna be fun
like I'm excited good job good girl it
also just gives us a lot more insights
like words with each other yeah with
like definitive answers
all right let's do a question from the
audience all right
here's a question I think for
probably mostly for Cindy and myself
it's from Joshua Martell can you tell us
what it was like when Tom came to you
guys and told you inside Quest is finish
was the idea of impact Theory addressed
in the same line
I'll start off so yes
the experience was
all right we're changing direction we're
starting we're going to spin off our own
studio and we're going to start as soon
as we can and I want you to come with me
and that was that was really the
question that was posed to me and I'll
just say that the it was like one of the
times when I really came became clear to
me that the types of things that Tom
talks about are not just they're not
just talking points for him that he
actually lives them
you know in any period of transition
when you're going from one company to
the next or there's a big life change
there's usually a lot of stress and
anxiety that comes with it and he did
not miss a beat he was like here's what
we're doing we're ready to go like
when's as soon as we can get started and
I was just blown away by that I was
really blown away so I was super
impressive and a great lesson to me in
staying focused on your goals not
getting not being daunted by it changes
in life letting things come at you and
just adjusting and reacting yeah
was it like for you so for for me it was
like so all those things you said for
sure but then it was also like that
little bittersweet aspect because like I
have worked it crossed from the team I
guess the longest and in kind of like
this middle role where I worked on
things with like plus nutrition and then
also inside quest but inside cost is
mostly like my big project that I kind
of like took over and just kept pushing
forward relentlessly because I was like
you will listen to me damn it
it's awesome and
so like there's a lot of sadness things
like I knew that I'd be like unsure of
the futures people that I like was
friends with and like talk to everyday
and it was it was like just kind of that
stuff because I get personal aspects of
it but in terms of
when Tom came back and they told us okay
like this is what we're doing like all
right cool I would love you guys to come
with I was like okay like there wasn't
really I feel like there wasn't ever
like a moment where as it howling maybe
I should think about like other things
for me I was just like all right so like
what happened now and then once there
was like a plan in place I was like all
right cool that's it yeah it was never
really
confusion or apprehension about it yeah
yeah all right you guys I foresee it to
be so out inside cause it was just one
episode a week and a couple of power-ups
in there let's first get to be something
bigger than just family like I mean with
a few months before the actual thing or
even like when you first started so
there was for me at least there was a
feeling that like inside class was
starting to take on its own life and it
was getting bigger and bigger and
for and a lot of times it was me at like
demanding time of Tom that like almost
didn't exist so it I like knew that
there was going to be more stuff that
would Center and spin off and there were
so many other projects we wanted to work
on like from the beginning even but we
just didn't have the bandwidth and like
Tom's time attention and all those
things and so doing impact Theory just
made sense to me because it just scaled
out what it was that I was already
tinkering with and like small aspects
here and there or trying to infuse here
and there and now they have like a
larger and clearer vision and like
execution so that's been week of coolest
things yeah that it's like its own
standalone definitely I would agree with
that 100% yeah alright here's a question
for me from Rishi sir Yvonne Vaughn Chi
I'm sure I butchered that name I'm sorry
he says hey Agent Smith how do you
change the people oh I should I didn't
even anyway share this
Tom gave you this right before he left
it's an agent Smith and we're going to
make him blind during it's funny because
he's kind of blonde on the packaging but
yeah but yeah so this is awesome I'm
super excited about this he has an
official pop then we'll go to Mexico
Club on this shot the question from
Ritchie how do you change the people you
are around I mean if most people in your
life are negative how do you cut them
all out and where you make your
surrounding from scratch
I'm not going to pretend I'm an expert
in this area I'll just say from life
experience I don't think I've ever
actively said I need to change the
people I've been around or like drop the
negative people I mean maybe I'm on
certain individual
occasions with certain people but really
it's like I think for me I've gravitated
toward people that I just instinctively
know are the people I need to be around
so I would say don't focus on
don't focus on the negative people
around you but start looking for the
positive people the people that you just
click with and have a similar worldview
and spend more time with them and then I
think over time the other folks will
just kind of away from your life and
there may be cases when you actually
have to say this friendship or
relationship has to end but and I mean I
agree with that I think that's very true
just in my own personal experiences
you do find yourself gravitating towards
the people that fill you a little bit
more and so and
yeah like and in terms of like cutting
people out I'm not good at that yes
really I'm really not good at cutting
people off like bullies um
because there's always because I guess
because I'm like so optimistic and so
kind-hearted and I agencies I like see
the best in everyone even the people who
are like the worst to me I still know
how to keep them at a distance and spend
less time with them all the while moving
towards people who are now filling
everything is life and just being more
positive influences and people who are
even if they're not that like
light-hearted person like they know that
they're you know they're growing they're
you know always wanting to learn and try
new things or and even if they don't
want to try new things like sometimes
you know compromise and say okay let's
do this baby sucks towards it
yeah so that's kind of like how I I deal
with that nice and I would say if you're
having trouble finding the people to be
around a good place to start would be
the impact Theory League yeah I think
you know what I'm there to help plug my
stuff I'm only saying it not not as a
shameless plug but I think it would
actually be an effective first step find
like-minded people maybe they are in
your immediate vicinity but maybe some
of them are in your region I mean right
I was like 1500 people in fact three
League yeah
1600 but also I mean don't discredit
like Digital friendship because there
are some people that I met through just
digital platforms that have actually
become like really great friends to me
like we've met up in real life like you
know I've seen them on a week or like
for a week-long whatever you have it and
we only see each other a few times a
year but at the same time we're so like
my native we talk all the time yes like
there was a girl that I met in the
in New York for a general assembly
digital marketing class and we still
talked to this day it was like two years
23 years ago maybe and like that's
mostly digital when I was in Atlanta I
like Menace's her because she moved to
Atlanta from Austin like a whole thing
we've just been moving around the
country yeah but like yeah
don't you see how digital friendship
yeah choose you know choose the key
people that's my whole thing right I'm
going to do another question from Tom
and Lisa all right
yeah we've had on impact baby and miss
the most um one oh
yeah feel like it will has an immediate
answer to this iPhone because it's like
picking the best friend of picking your
favorite yeah I'm not really a favorite
person another that have a favorite test
music I listen to old music and the
newest like EDM music it mixed together
but in terms of guest what the person
that stood out to me the most was um as
in push act the Knight Rider I
knew those it alright so like that is
one of garrison favorite
it's like he would be great I could
secret like sleeper episode so it's just
ironic to those like if Jared go first I
know what his answer is going to be but
but but please want to talk about why
Evan um back to you because he's a
really philosophical person and he
thinks really deeply about
everything in life I was doing the
Instagram for our interim page and I
have to find quotes from guest and one
of the quotes I picked up from Evan for
shark was he said something along the
lines of once you find your worldview
the world becomes a that's scary and
your action becomes a little more
intentional not just driven like the
children in Dakota once you know like I
don't mean know my role here yet but
to like actually took time to find that
and everything it just seems a lot more
clear to me yeah I'm in a second Evan
the nerd writer who Shaq and also say
that the Gary Vaynerchuk episode really
did me hard and I'm a person who can
whoa see it was what your nickname in
the crowd yeah I was emotional and we
all consume this content pretty
religiously but seeing that side of him
and talking about worldview he has a
very very clear worldview and it's not
this one that I identify with pretty
strongly
just his ideas around empathy and
kindness and caring and doing what makes
you feel alive it's like and not tearing
other people down like those are things
that I think are bottom right on yeah so
does it does it be meant to you what
about you Amanda oh gosh all of them I
love um two one Michael Strahan I really
loved just his his happiness and what
something that sticks with me is like he
would say when he would walk in
for his like productions in the morning
he would say hi to everybody just like
acknowledge like hi how are you you're
here today you know from everybody I
really yeah I think end give him a hug
and so I his interview something about
that just stuck with me because that's
just in my personality to like care and
just happiness and joy and
knowing that like behind the scenes the
team here just like acknowledging
everybody and taking that time is
important and then with Mel Robbins
she talked about the five-second rule
haven't tried that so much but she a
point that sticks with me from her
interview where she talked about like
the
microsecond that your mind can make a
decision like in that microsecond of
waiting to either ask a question or
speak up or you know after something
could literally change your life and so
that sticks with me just my personality
I'm very introverted and sometimes I'm
shy and and tend to wait or maybe I want
to say something and I don't or you know
thinking about decisions of things and
pros and cons or indecisiveness and
things like that that really sticks with
me and that's something I I think about
all the time like in moments of
decisions or speaking up or talking like
if you just do it and don't you know
don't let that microsecond pass by what
what could be the outcome yeah yeah all
right so well you always heard that
archiving in a chest interview so that
one definitely impacted me a lot as well
as the Jessica Matthews one just because
like there were so many like different
parallels almost like with her
upbringing and you know where she came
from different ideas and like the touch
points of reference so there's a lot of
like I guess brings energy there
and then just this idea that she's
tackling such a large industry and she's
willing to do it as kind of like the
amateur underdog and so that's a story
that always resonates with me because
like dig into the underdog stories
and then
Gary's like ideas on empathy as part of
business culture is something that
sticks to things so hard because I'm
that person so amazing an English and
creative writing and it was it was all
about the fact that I really didn't like
what my views of business were at the
time or the views that like as I grew up
but it grew up mostly in the 90s in like
the early 2000s and I went to college in
2008 or whatever when the recession hit
and then everyone was and so I
really just didn't like the cutthroat
ideals of business and seeing someone
who's so firmly believes that you can
also have kindness and business and it
shouldn't have to be like you like in
order for me to advance I need to make
sure that I step on every single person
around me game versus hey let's support
each other and make this a team saying
some very team oriented person I like to
rally the troops if you will and so
that really stuck with me and then his
like just ideals on being an older
sibling so I really resonated with that
just because like the way he talked
about his brother and like the way that
he talks about his family and all those
kind of um I guess immigrant mentalities
you that resonated with me and then
we're trying to film the same area
Jamie he's John was great in again um
speaking of
guests that impacted you here's a
question from Daniel Brees he wants to
know who would be someone that each of
you would love to be interviewed by Tom
and why someone that has not been on the
show yet so what's your personal wish
list I have a long one I think I'll get
going you sir
Kendrick Lamar there it is I
was like Steerforth and Rick Kendrick I
wish you Beyonce my life mazing
number three Kelly Slater
world professional surfer will champion
Heather okay alright
I'm world champion surfer arguably the
most dominant athlete of all time I'm
throwing that out there of all time of
any sport he's still like 44 and he
still can still competing well Serena
Williams that yeah
Tanya Hoxie coats I think would be
amazing and then it probably just a
bunch of different writers I'd like to
see on the show yeah
yeah I also have beyond fabulous and
Kendrick is on there as well chance the
rapper will channel married
Lupe Fiasco I was on there for me as
well uh
let's see
who else
you said ten DC
the seasons are now all think about the
others
well
um I
have one I told my no Noam Chomsky
I think you go the Philosopher's route
doesn't look but most of them are or not
here with us yeah like Rumi but you know
yeah music I
would pick I
don't know I'm frozen right now alright
I'm thinking sweet North world maybe
Kobe Bryant okay mmm oh this is such a
fictional I went Tom to interview Batman
because he like talk about the darkness
talk about this is how you grew up talk
about how is he like a billionaire but
he still wants to help people like how
does that come out yeah a Batman Tom
with my crush that so he would if he can
give Batman to talk feel like he's not
very tightly that's not your the very
good thing yeah is the voice much but
it's it's the audio game today after
music -
cool um let's do one more question from
the audience send out the lines on that
I'm going to launch okay yes a an salon
yeah gether no okay
let's see here
what is your passion and keeps your fire
going also what gets your ass up in the
morning
Wow big I figured you guys are warmed up
now right warms up and like now okay so
what is my passion so I feel like I'm
kind of living most of my passions daily
just because my passions really do sent
around bringing people together and
having people see the the most good in
the world if you will it's still part of
my life kind of like sparkling the
personality and
yeah so I feel like I'm doing that and
what does what give me odds Bettinger
it could be the same question just
raised a little bit differently yeah I
mean I think that like it's this idea of
building communities building you know
like voice championing championing for
voices that are left heard
underdog stories
and then my family just an additional
day I do too many proud as well it's
awesome will mmm I've always had a more
like altruistic like passion to help
people that are less privileged to me
because growing up my parents was less
privileged and I'm in like a very
fortunate position and so like I get
constantly reminded it off so there's
like maybe like to half of the world is
more like it in a less project vision so
you make the most of your opportunities
but having said that I'd put that
passion to aside a little bit to work on
more on myself more because I need to
level up I need to gain more skills in
order to effectively help people so now
more more like
internal passion is to be the best
marketer I can be and the best place to
be in a factory because I get to wear so
many different hats I get to work on
content marketing which the first thing
I
dived into because we are contact
talking and need to see how to best like
get that message out and I went to
influencer to talk to more people and
collaborate around the world then yeah
just learn every kind of marketing there
is and be the best I give the best
message and give emotion to the audience
and once I once once I'm more
comfortable with that I have a long way
then I can open back to my more
altruistic passion and start working on
that nice green answer Amanda um so you
know people are just really my passion
so
coming here every day and being able to
I don't know just kind of like take care
of everything around everyone is kind of
like I feel like just like the nurturer
like being able to come here and do the
little things that need to get done to
help this company like keep going and
just succeed on a day to day basis just
like fires me like I love it so
that's like my passion like really
people and just seeing you know like the
ups and downs and goods and bags of
everything that are always opportunity
to to learn and pivot and continue going
and so just being around that
environment of you know like motivation
of positivity
that's like my passion just like seeing
people do good and and help others like
truly just I love the ILA for that like
to help other people just makes my day
like I can put myself so last just to be
able to do something for somebody else
like that's when I just live for and
then getting up out of bed everyday like
what drives me is just a new like a new
day to be better than the last the
opportunities to learn and just like
yeah I just feel like you we're not
guaranteed like another second or a
minute on this planet is so like why not
live like every moment
just doing something to better yourself
your life somebody else I think that
getting up every day just excites me
like it's a new day to do all those
things learn help grow change the world
figure it out that's a great answer and
I'm going to say that I'm just going to
second what you said on a lot of work
for me what gets me out of bed every day
is growth and learning I get excited
about that what keeps me pushing forward
and then just I just want to be a good
person like that's my life goal it I'm
interested in micro actions that I think
have larger implications so I if I can
just be a good person in really small
moments throughout my life hopefully
that has a knock-on effect with other
people that are around me and I think
you know helping people is great and
something that I've always tried to
incorporate into whatever I'm doing and
so before it was I thought that Rob was
teaching and I was going down the path
of becoming a teacher but now here at
impact theory this is like the best way
to reach a mass amount of people and
help them through education so it kind
of brings in the teaching element as
well
getting deep on the tv9 a
steep path I think we'll wrap it up
there thank you everyone for joining
every time we're done I know about that
okay so if you guys enjoyed this I'll
look at this camera if you guys enjoyed
this and you want to see another one
we'll do another one next week but let
us know in the comments so we know
whether or not we should yeah again we
can try to bring on some other people
and ask them questions get to some of
the questions that you asked here that
we did not get to but thank you for
joining us thank you thank you and much
appreciated if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe it's a weekly show
until next time be a legend a
you